release: v1.37.0 (#4421)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_geal_update_rustls.md

### Fix TLS session ticket retries ([Issue #4305](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4305))

> In some cases, the router could retry TLS connections indefinitely with an invalid session ticket, making it impossible to contact a subgraph. rustls 0.21.10 contains a fix for that

Author: ```suggestion
In some cases, the router could retry TLS connections indefinitely with an invalid session ticket, making it impossible to contact a subgraph. We've provided a fix to the upstream `rustls` project with a fix, and brought in the updated dependency when it was published in v0.21.10.
```
